hey
what's up guys today i am going to recap
the story of the movie jennifer's body
make sure to subscribe and don't miss
our upcoming videos
as the story begins we see the main
character anita needy in a mental
hospital
her behavior is unusual she's very
aggressive
come to anita a mental hospital nurse
asks her to take a meal
in response anita attacks on nurse
fighting on her face
as a punishment anita is bound in a dark
and big walled cell
here anita is thinking about his past he
remembers all his past life
she also thinks about her best friend
jennifer jennifer and anita are bosom
friends
now the story leads to flashback we see
a village devil's kettle here
and both belong to this village
basically this city was named due to a
falling stream
all water of this falling stream used to
fall in a big hole
no one never knew the exact place where
this water flows
for this purpose scientist researchers
and lay men struggles to know about it
but fail
now we come to our main story jennifer
is considered popular
nice beautiful and famous girl in her
college
on the other side anita is totally
different from her friend
they are both bosom friends but
different by nature and traits
jennifer is famous while needy is
infamous and shy
nor beautiful is jennifer needy has a
boyfriend named chib but she prefers
jennifer than her boyfriend
for example when jennifer says needy
that they will go to the local bar at
night
where a band is going to perform and we
will enjoy much
needy values jennifer than her boyfriend
now they go to the bar
jennifer is attracted towards a banned
performer nicholas and starts her liking
she also offers her a drink when
jennifer goes to take drink for nicholas
then nicholas talks about jennifer to
his friend
needy hears them and dislikes his
conversation needy tells all to jennifer
but she says ignore it
van's performance is started at the
sometimes hall catches the fire due to
the short circuit
and this fire begins to prevail slowly
slowly
here the people save their lives hardly
needy also runs outside with jennifer
breaking the window of toilet
the whole bar is full of fire and the
people are screaming
all have reaches outside band member
nicholas offers jennifer to come with
them
we will enjoy a lot and asks her to come
in van
needy stops jennifer saying don't go but
jennifer is willing by heart to go with
them
and jennifer leaves sitting in the van
with nicholas and his friends
needy is left behind alone she looks at
jennifer
going alone her face reveals the sad
expression
now worried needy comes back to the
house here he calls her boyfriend chip
and that tells the whole story of this
incident
she tells that jennifer has gone with
them i have fear of any harm on their
part
she also tells to her boyfriend about
the fear of seduction of jennifer
while calling her house door bell is
wrong she checks going outside but no
one is there
finding no one outside the door she
moves inside
but coming inside she hears some sound
in the house
as she comes inside fearfully she sees
wounded jennifer sitting at the front
side
her face has the spots of blood here
jennifer smirks
needy is got upset seeing it otherwise
opening the refrigerator needy brings
the the raw chicken and starts to eat
jennifer yells in a frightful manner and
vomits which is blackish
scaring her jennifer leads a new day
arrives and needy is thinking about the
last night incident and disturbs
she is also worried about jennifer here
the jennifer reaches in normal state
jennifer was unstable last night but on
the current day
she is looking active energetic and bold
both are present in the classroom and
their teacher regrets for the people who
were dead in bar last night
jennifer makes fun of her teacher
laughing at him many changes appear in
jennifer
that creates disturbance for needy she
is much confused
needy tells everything to her boyfriend
chippen about the arrival of jennifer
last night in her house showing strange
behavior
as jennifer was bewitched she was not
looking jennifer behaving weirdly
some twists of story are revealing
jennifer meets football captain of her
college
he was sad because few of his friends
are dead in an accident consoling him
jennifer takes him in a forest nearby
school
she seduces him here further birds and
animals gather in their surroundings
looking at them
it seems awkward sight at the same time
jennifer's face has changed having long
teeth as evil has penetrated in her
and she puts into death the football
captain who is with her
dying football captain screams and this
crying sound is heard by the college
professor
hearing the crying sound college
professor arrives there
he notices his mutilated dead body
needy and jennifer makes a telephonic
contact needy is much worried because of
the occurrence of many deaths in their
city
many people are dead but jennifer says
to her calm down and move on
otherwise we see that jennifer burns her
tongue with lighter but gets no harm
and jennifer says to needy that i am god
and one month is passed gradually
now jennifer seems inactive tired and
sick she is no more active and energetic
now we observe a student who offers
jennifer to visit in cinema saying that
we will enjoy there too much
but jennifer refuses saying we can meet
tonight
and she calls him in a house which is
under construction
that house is not built completely night
falls
while talking with that boy jennifer's
eyes color begins to change
looking into her eyes that boy is
frightened at the same time jennifer
also kills that boy and starts eating
the raw flesh of him
on the other side needy is along with
her lover friend
she has nightmares about jennifer she
realizes as jennifer is in tough
situation
she leaves house coming outside
immediately she is yet on the road that
jennifer comes at the front side and
wraps in blood
otherwise jennifer jumps on the needy's
car windshield
needy is afraid she comes to her house
escaping
as she goes to her bed for sleep she
finds jennifer there
who is in normal state in confusion
needy does not understand anything is
what is going on
she asks jennifer to leave but jennifer
says her
don't worry we are bosom friends and i
will tell you truth
that what happened at that night she
talks of that night when barr catches
fire
because needy has visualized jennifer in
both normal and dreadful look
needy wants to know the truth and
jennifer reveals everything saying when
i went with those band boys sitting in a
van
then they take me to the falling stream
nicholas was the band member while all
of his friends used to worship satan
they were doing all to get success in
their musical career
they asked me are you virgin i said yes
basically killing me they wanted to
present this sacrifice to satan
so that they may get success basically
this band was involved in black magic
stabbing jennifer band member nicholas
had thrown the knife into the falling
stream
one more thing is revealed here that
jennifer is actually not virgin so
survive
but she does not remain normal after
survival evil possesses her
satan occupies her let me clear one more
thing
those band members became famous after
this sacrifice
and jennifer survived but satan occupied
her she also tells that awakening
she felt appetite and i also came to
your house in appetite
but i could not harm taking you as a
best friend
so i arrived your house and begin to eat
raw chicken opening the refrigerator
jennifer also tells to her friend that
she attains extra strength after eating
any human being and quenching her hunger
and she shows it wounding her hand she
scratches her hand which is
automatically healed
jennifer has satanic powers now hearing
seeing and knowing all that needy is
horrified and asks jennifer to go
i don't want to talk you right now
jumping from second floor window which
has the 12 to 13 feet distance from
ground
jennifer leaves needy is more worried
seeing this long jump
needy visits town library for the more
information of this matter
and she reads the books of paranormal to
know the truth and solution
through book reading needy knows that
band had committed a mistake
because they were considering jennifer a
virgin as a result they became famous
but satan occupied jennifer
now there is only a way to recover
jennifer that she must be stabbed in her
heart
otherwise there is no any remedy
according to this book
needy tells everything to her lover chip
but chip does not focus and believe on
her words completely and suggests her to
visit psychiatrist
otherwise needy also comes to know that
eating the human being after killing
is essential for jennifer she will lose
her beauty if she do not eat them
in order to keep herself beautiful and
young it is necessary for jennifer to
eat the people killing them
after a few days a concert is held in
their college where the number of the
people are going to get together
needy is also upset thinking jennifer
may kill anyone in the function and her
boyfriend
chip life may also be in danger and she
forbids her boyfriend to come in
function but her boyfriend takes it as a
fun
and says nothing will happen just be
relaxed
concert day comes and all people are
dancing here needy is waiting for her
boyfriend
but chip is still not reached on the
other side
jennifer is also not present there many
wrong notions come in her mind and she
is afraid
because in the function there is neither
chip nor jennifer
in the worried condition she comes to
her house leaving function
needy knows from chip's house that he
has gone to attend a college function
after walk before a time
needy also runs to the same site in
fearful state
on the other side chip is shown going on
the way where jennifer meets him
and jennifer strays chip saying that
needy had an affair with another
it is a cause she does not value you
much and a conversation is held between
them while conversing
she takes her to the ruin jennifer has
always been used away is it the first
she seduces anyone and then kills
jennifer is closing chip but is stopped
by him because he loves needy
and he does not want to close anyone
seeing it jennifer is got furious in
attacks on chip
it is the satanic side of jennifer
further
we see that needy reaches at that point
in search of both
needy notices that jennifer is biting in
the neck of his lover and trying to kill
him
she is wrapped in blood but needy tries
to save her lover jumping there
needy pushes fights and further sprays
on the face of jennifer to keep her far
jennifer has become aggressive saying
that he not only kills the boy but can
also kill the girls
and after that jennifer comes in air
using her satanic powers
there is a great argument between these
two friends
as jennifer comes to kill needy wounded
chip attacks on jennifer with a rod
stabbing it into her abdomen
as a result jennifer is injured jennifer
is tiresome because the loss of her
blood and leaves
but needy is present here with her lover
who is dying before her eyes at last
dies
needy is very angry and sad she goes to
take revenge from jennifer at any cost
for taking revenge she goes to the house
of jennifer
as she comes in jennifer's room a
quarrel is held between them
while fighting jennifer bites in the
neck of needy
coral continues and needy stabs
blade-like knife in the heart of
jennifer
in this way blood flows because needy
had read that there is only a remedy to
kill jennifer which is the attack on her
heart
after this moment jennifer and her satan
are ended
hearing the sounds of crying jennifer's
mother comes into her room
she notices that needy has slayed her
daughter now movie comes to its first
scene
why was needy in that cell of mental
hospital because she has killed jennifer
but we know a strange thing this needy
is not like that before
the reason is this jennifer has bit
needy while quarreling
as a result satanic powers penetrate in
needy
here we see flying needy in air needy
also owns the supernatural power now
due to this she is much aggressive while
needy had not as such nature before
here she is bound in this cell she flies
from here using her satanic powers and
goes outside through this window
she escapes from this jail running from
here she leads to that falling stream
and she finds the same knife which
nicholas had used to get the satanic
powers while killing jennifer
she'd picks that knife taking lift from
carr she reaches at that place where
band is there for their concert
we see this band which is enjoying in a
luxurious way is drugging in their room
at the same time someone comes there and
puts everyone into death-sewing
brutality
it is not shown till now who killed
these musical band members
further we see that it is declared
through cctv footage that no one is
coming from the room but needy
it means needy is a killer and the
meaning is clear that needy has killed
the musical band members what they
deserved
because they were the root of all
happenings is the death of her lover
best friend and many other murders here
the movie is
end like and subscribe if you like
thanks for watching